HarvestMoon-RogueLike
---------------------

Working title: Bounty of a New Life.
(Potential, Dream, Unique, Individual, Identity, Procedural, Random.)

Description of Gameplay:
------------------------

Choose your character's gender and strengths/weaknesses, then get immersed in a
procedurally generated world.  The player sets out to earn money, find food, 
and choose what to do with your life.  There will be an open field; will you
become a farmer?  Make friends with the townsfolk.  As you progress, maybe
someone will fall in love with you?

The idea is a rogue-like where the player begins as a traveler who shows up on 
the edge of a new town.  All the player has is some money, a backpack, the 
clothes on their back, and a tent.

A few key details: The player needs to eat food and get rest every day.  
Otherwise, they will go hungry or get fatigued.  If they player has too much
fatigue or is too hungry, you will die and the game is over.  You can sleep
in your tent (if you can find a clearing), and you can forage for food in 
the forest.

How do make progress?  Begin by foraging for things in the forest that you 
can sell, and try to make friends with the townsfolk by giving them gifts.  As
you learn more about the town, you will discover opportunities to make money
(work for some lumber-jacks, get a part-time job at a bakery, deliver some mail,
etc).  As you earn some money, you have some options.

Find a Home
-----------

1.) You can get an apartment in town.  This requires you to pay rent at the 
beginning of each month, and requires an extra-deposit when signing up.

2.) You can buy a house in town.  This is a nice option as it is pre-built, and
all you have to do is buy it (though, it is quite expensive).  It will have a
small yard, with room for maintaining a small garden and some upgrades.

3.) Start a farm!  This is the most ambitious option.  Outside of the town,
there will be a large, open field, filled with grass, weeds, rocks, and trees,
with a small stream flowing through it.  This is the place where you begin
the game.  This area can be cleared and maintained using some tools you can buy
in the town (Sickle, Hammer, Axe, Hoe).  After clearing a section, you can buy
some seeds, plant them, and then water them daily (with a watering can).

You can manage crops here without having any buildings.  When your crops are
mature, you can pick them and put them in your backpack, then take them into
town and sell them.  This is a good way to earn a lot more extra income, if 
you can gather the appropriate tools (costing a good few $$$$ investment to
begin).

A good investment after some crops is a cart to haul your goods.  You can 
store more crops in your cart, then take them into town.  This reduces trips as
the hand cart holds far more goods than your backpack.

You can also build buildings on the farm plot.  Once the proper land is cleared,
and you have enough money and lumber (or a good friendship with the lumberjacks
for a discount), you can have them build you a house, a chicken coop, a barn,
and a storage shed (to store extra items, crops, foraged food, etc).

Sleeping in a house (which comes furnished with a bed) gives you better rest
than sleeping in your tent (recover more fatigue).  

You can also buy animals and raise them.  You don't need a barn for cows and 
a horse, and you don't need a chicken coop for chickens, but if your animals
are left outside in the rain, they have a greater chance of getting sick.  You 
can use lumber from your wood pile to build a fence, to protect your live stock 
from wolves.

Buying animals before their shelter buildings is allowed, but it has risks.  
Rain makes the animals unhappy and can make them sick, while sunshine makes
them happy and feel better.  They must also be fed, and if you talk to them
they get happier.

Barns protect cows and horses from getting sick.  Chicken Coops protect your
chickens in the same way.  Each can hold up to 6 of the animal type it is for.
You are not limited in how many you can build, except for how much space
is available to build on.

 Friendships, Dating and Marriage
 --------------------------------
 
 You can establish friendships with the people in the town.  You do so by
 talking with them, giving them gifts, and doing things for them. 
 
 For Dating, when you first create your character, you can select your
 preference to date Boys or Girls, regardless of gender.  This way you can
 play the game how you wish to play it.  In the town, there will be a set of
 at least 4 eligible bachelors/bachelorettes who are of each gender and
 dating preference, so you can find someone who fits you.
 
 The people's personalities, appearances, and roles in the town are randomly
 generated.  So, each playthough will be different, and different characters
 will have different names and behave differently (and be found in different
 areas).  This increases the replay-value.
 
 If you develop a friendship with an eligible dating partner (correct 
 gender and preference), you can begin dating them by seeing them every day,
 giving them gifts and experiencing scripted events with them.  Eventually,
 they may show interest in you, and then when the time comes you can marry them.
 
 (You must have a home to be married.  It can be an apartment, house, or farm).
 
 Game Over
 ---------
 
 When you die (or decide your playthrough is over), the game will play a nice 
 recap of your exploits, giving you a slideshow of memories.  Your closest
 friends (if you have any), will attend your funeral, and say some kind and
 heartfelt words about your life.  Then, your game will be in an 'end' state,
 where you cannot go on (because, death is final!  So, be careful not to die
 until it is time).
 
 Note: you can die of old age if you play through 20 years.
 
 This probably won't be completed, but it is a fun idea anyways.




Class Ideas:
------------

Enums

Input
All Player commands.

Direction
The cardinal directions.


interface Scene 
responds to player input, and renders something to a scene.






